Mr. Chen, why are you here?
I don’t know where this circle came from, but there’s something born from a mother and a daughter from a mother.
Take my son quickly. I am Baoyu or I will listen to your resurrection.
You are a human being. I am the mother you call a mother-in-law but not a mother-in-law.
You say I am a human being. yes. What is it?
She is your child. Mom is here.
If you can bully you. You are Li Xiaoxing’s mother.
This is impossible. Mom never said anything.
impossible. No mother.
Can you bully her? Impossible.
I'm here plus originally
Because I have the right to do something
Okay, if I don't come today
Do you want to hurry up?
Pass me on
Immediately purchased the Hanlin Noble School
As for losing your bitter love right away?